the set a hi good night to all brasilília june 2
thursday 19 hours come on play now go for a walk and
and look at the game he continues on my left here elisângela
and she interpreter of pounds our marine rogério of the emdr ministry of
regional development, the tarcísio of the structure was foreseen today, but
he had to go to rio de janeiro and will be at the ime military institute of
engineering where he will talk about railroads in Brazil so next week and
control for sure the tarcísio be here but the marine your presence week
we just had an injection here we have jorge six here is our
play secretary to quickly speak a few things about
extremely important fishing right fishing in brazil when we pass in we grow
I think that around 10 percent we started to encourage fish farming
in Brazil shrimp farming also if you have shrimp farming it has a
very broad study lacks a better understanding for paraguay that way
we can acril acre tilapia on that one
and the itaipu plant, among other things, at the rear, here is gilson, he doesn’t
today will say almost nothing to accordion and our president of embratur I have
a very bold plan that is being put into practice has already started in
pernambuco and is sinking on the coast of brazil towards hotels ok
small boats there I send wagon aircraft carcasses among other reefs
this is help in the destroyer dive well it also helps with a
ecosystem the guy can fish with a wand over there with a dive even though
there will always be a fish giving it a go for it helps tourism yes vasco da statue
also and some statues miseq sculptures we
we see something sink in there to help increase the occupancy rate of the
hotel just get in touch with coimbra you will be back on the plane a
marine the ball right there and we sink this one to kill it and here Pedro
guimarães who has a lot to talk about something from the box first
first thing by your box quickly when we take over in
January of last year, Julio's expression is already 14 percent per month check
special that you were going to talk to him we just reduced again president
to 1.8 percent per month it was 2.9 we reduced it again to 1.8 gosh this to
we wait if she didn’t have a private bank right and you can see a little of the bank
public our federal savings bank so they advertise here with
our personal box i wish you owed nothing to anyone nor best
go to the special site but if you are very attentive, go to box 1.8
percent also never seen anything like it we reduced it to 1.8 percent is
basically the lowest rate up to personal credit president is far below not
come on right selic makes 2 and 25 so we still want 12 more but we
manages to be profitable with this interest rate is never expected it also attacks the
late until sad 2.25 percent some days that will go down even more so
as I did not understand the economy is working I want to continue no
understanding, seize the opportunity pingo doce is transmitting us here 70 thousand
people watching the young pan 11000 thank here augusto nunes zé maria
vitor brauer who uses feel free each one wants to ask a question that
be it for the weight of the box and the marine here crazy regional
it's cheap embratur back here here signature there temperature at gilson right and
jorge had fishing feel free here we will continue maria don't have one
last week is in the Jardim Ceara region, inaugurating one more part
of the transposition of san francisco you have to say will he has I we
we have received guidance from you that we should not leave any work stopped is
that was initiated in previous administrations and mainly in the titans and
water resources so important to provide security to the northeastern population of the
semi-arid then the arrival of the waters from são francisco to ceará is the reason for
celebration for all Brazilians this is a secular dream was spoken by
first time by dom pedro according to the work began more than 15 years ago
idea was if it was going to end there in just five years a series of
problems from poor design to the question of
resource allocation is almost three times the value that was thought
previously we have invested in its administration almost two billion
we arrived in Ceará and she until the second half of next year we will
conclude with rio grande do norte we integrate four northeastern states
bringing to the northeastern semi-arid, I think this trail of prosperity that
water security we completely live the work until 22 not this
should 21 21 21 we should finish the work there people are drowning in this is it
we will see irrigated perimeters yesterday adductors but the work of san francisco a
we conclude in the second half of next year we have here in pernambuco
the correction of fruit production this will also enhance fruit production in the
northeastern hinterland all over there in the cariri region
to do about the taste of the fruit in lg features that work is allowing that
a series of irrigated perimeters that bring agriculture is irrigated which is a
high value-added agriculture to clean up the semi-arid region is to be
established in addition to treated water on the tap of people who do not have water
In fact, the question of sanitation landmarks is dealt with, right?
problem quickly underway we are there dealing for example with
water security of 4 and a half million people who live in the region
metropolitan fortress with the arrival of the waters I already had their integration
the water belt, right? We are talking about the doctorate editor
in paraíba there are more than 400 thousand people safely on tap
adductor of agreste there in pernambuco finally if it is a fantastic work of
ethical security for that whole region and sanitation we have to celebrate the
brazil has to celebrate the president why
and finally, since 2016, the discussion of this
milestone we have 100 million people without sewage treatment coverage 35
millions still without treated water and now the challenge of universalizing this video
so important will count on the support of the private initiative because we have
now legal certainty predictability and attraction to bring from 500 to 700
billions of reais of investment then generate millions of jobs an bring
especially health and productivity for the Brazilian population so we are all
congratulations is what we can do for us 40 the good news comes from
agribusiness as always, the business at the front is a positive balance of 4
billion right for the month of June in big I'm now I think it's from
agribusiness that just hasn't stopped working while in Brazil there will be
a competition between governors who stopped more, I also came back every day to
Lord’s life briefly is in Petrolina including announcing the
expansion of the area of ​​the irrigated perimeter there are already 120 thousand hectares in the valley
san francisco more than 300 thousand jobs bone will announce the expansion of
area in that period in addition to a number of other relatives and other states in the
brazil last week we are releasing resources for perimeters
irrigated also in the northern region of minas so we are doing a
work i would say so is quite extensive integrated a ministry of
agriculture and the result is there, agriculture is giving the result there
extraordinary is all not entered beautiful very fruit-growing this is the son of
senador bezerra fernando fernando fernando fernando fernando fernando
fernando petrolina city hall there miguel
miguel i was fernando is also the deputy there in piauí the land of the holy hand
parnaíba parnaíba also refuse to have had lunch here are you talking
with your face, right? You weren't the minister of I want the straw and it was
deliberate the resource part for irrigation so then parnaíba also
to enter this list of cities with petroleum that also exports that
for the whole world right there and yours has now released a bridge there to improve
the situation there from the parnahyba there for some of us was a senator here he spoke
over an hour and had a good word on it and good ideas
good so paraíba is to be congratulated then put it like i'm quick here the joyce that
which is a digital board map, you have to have this present in celebration there the week
fisherman's day 29 the day of the fisherman san pedro's day is also there we did the
digital board map what happened to the Brazilian fish production through the
boats huh artisanal fishermen needed to be manual huh so anger weight
cool look is only going to be manually on sheets and taken to the superintendence and
many times that data was lost and now we are discarding the
Brazilian fisheries statistics that will only strengthen the security of our
brazil and productivity and also logically providing more service
Brazilian citizen does not need to travel anymore he can do this from
your own home from your company from your amateur fishing portfolio office that
that's it the captain is the second version of the cool is
the second version of the amateur fishing license, right, with more functionality with
automatic debit there on the site so the amateur fisherman the sport fisherman
Brazilian can enter the website of the Ministry of Agriculture and take his
digital fishing card without complication he even print paid the
payment slip and automatic payment is less bureaucratic right then we are
in contact with the navy also front to facilitate the withdrawal of the motorcycle license
in the last one the person who likes to ride a jet is very complicated for many hours
of practice and there are countries that you arrive at, right and sign a term of responsibility
a few minutes you learn to move your body jesc will pass it there if we
to be able to do it at least will help a lot in tourism here in Brazil
I have been saying Vale do Ribeira, my gel table over there, right?
and you could just leave eldorado paulista in ribeira in seven
bars on record is the guy every day for a 10 15 here ok tourism 6 arrives
there with your family at quickly not if you don't have a license you
above we have responsible and will pass will tell us that I'm the family will help the
tourism is money for the region everything is better now to be less bureaucratic
a lot like himself here is said now the jorge safe ran no map of
digital cake I know but it's the paper there and take it somewhere now the
computer you send it there and make life easier for fishermen I will come back here
for pedro here pedro that you have talks about housing by the president we
we have three very positive news the first the box in June did the best
month of the last five years we have loaned 11 billion reais
the economy is coming back that the box is very strong and in various feelings
we are very strong moreover this is very good for the population is we have
now the electronic record of the top 14 states already has some which means that
you make an air and reduce 45 days to only 5 days then to by update and
at this time of very good pandemic and the third point the box is financing
when buying the apartment the notary costs and the transfer tax
five billion reais a year the special people at that time of
academy avoid spending and next job is another funding issue
for small and micro companies we have several lines one of them i pronamp the
another a partnership with sebrae the box financed
the beginning of the pandemic ten billion reais for small and micro companies this
generated more than 110 thousand companies received that personal consultation box that that I
I never received so many videos my phone ok you take a doctor doctor rayssa
soares from porto Seguro bahia making an appeal to me, you know, to get to
hydroxychloroquine in your city that didn’t have and we know that the testimonies
right not only for patients as well as doctors in Brazil all are all is
biggest dad say the treatment of the race 19 in the early stages is has
succeeded so she appealed to us i called our minister of
of health the patron general immediately he signed in which
and triggered all my wow and today departed from sao paulo airplane to
salvador and it is scheduled tomorrow around 8 o'clock in the morning to get there in porto
safe 40,000 dose of hydroxychloroquine so obviously with all certainty of
Dr. Raíssa Soares will be present I hope to have surgery for this hour
right, she the two times that I thought she was in surgery so that this
material arrives in try to be delivered to the municipal health secretariat and through
from inside the eyes and health is safe haven this material is distributed
for those who need to use so congratulations dr raíssa and congratulations here the minister
patron of health who promptly attended and if this request is here
and i want to end here jorge 1969 hi marilda here next saturday now
we are going to santa catarina we are going to fly over that we already had a problem
seriously this week you know it was a good cyclone bomb I confess I never had it
say this we will say no no this terminology I also never had the
then the fair all very special cities of catarina you already sent the
our civil defense secretary, there it was yesterday, right?
sir we called the three governors we made ourselves available
we sent our civil defense secretary him with a team to santa
catarina which was the most affected state more than 130 municipalities in it will be
there helping in this process initial project to guide city halls to
fill out the paperwork to request the resources right and we will be with your
flying over the region on Saturday see we have an idea of ​​the needs that that
state will have looks back doctor regina for curiosity is a friend
the doctor and will be with us on this mission in santa catarina on saturday by
morning he is inviting some parliamentarians from the region there is no way
invite everyone with just two helicopters and it fits a maximum of ten people
in addition to the security team crew right certain maximum ten people
has not invite some parliamentarians deputies and senators santa catarina
to fly over the region is having a better knowledge of what that was
damage provided and as our minister said here is marine rogério
we will be available in whatever is possible to assist there the reconstruction right
of part of these stages in an area as well and humanitarian aid also to
pedro's last participation here emergency aid by yes sir
announced this week the fourth and fifth installment of emergency aid we
we’re still finalizing the calendar that’s coming soon from you
to prove ia is very important president until the 600 is actually 65
million people and we are paying just over 50 billion reais so
it's not even by average mind people are gaining 900 reals because
family books have $ 1200 so it's not just 600 on average I think the
benefits are the 900 reals is a big help and the federal savings bank i
I can say that you in several cities, especially in the interior of the
brazil north northeast special has a big improvement in the economy exactly
because you just had a difficult mirror for us to sign the decree this week
the mayor and the senate are present in two more installments of 600
that will cover the month of July and August is that it cannot continue with
a long time as Pedro said here from the box
50 billion a month I am not money left over we are indebted to
that’s our very high external debt and we appeal to your
governors and mayors that more and more logically corresponds
responsibility that you all have is start to open the trade and go back
economy is for us to work, so two more installments are five
installments r $ 600 so per person at least 3 thousand réis each will receive
over that time to help so we know that there is little you can do
a purchase there for basic necessities are looking at me send you there that I do
northeast is a poorer region of northeastern brazil that means from the do
interior of your state rio grande do norte i received several testimonies that
people are even buying building material are doing
small renovations, you know, they are shopping in local stores and there are
generated a lot the economy has been extremely important this help to
hello here is the jusa that i brought a made for me from is from the brazilian association
of the breeders of horse mangalarga marcher who who speaks who speaks
very high and this president here is a donation of 20 horses
mangalarga marcher to do ecotherapy and by the president of the
association daniel luiz sent this from here to first lady michelle come from
horse gentle horses for children to make record therapy so I
I will receive thanks here to the breeders of mangalarga gait horse
there from gameleira gameleira not av amazonas gameleira bh thank you and this
horse at first must for the police of the military police here at the institute
federal right and marildo important news is marine
look, pedro is talking about housing soon we will be
launching a traditional program, including the cashier, the program operator
that it is important for the population to know the presidency that their government has already
delivered 500 thousand housing units since the beginning of its are 500 thousand
families already served mag 5 billion reais of the general budget of the union then
it just has not been lacking resources for the program as important as
we have 289 thousand housing units in our portfolio
we are doing resumption of projects practically every week
but there are almost 100 thousand units stopped consumer, right, we will return all
the following units she wants to take in the 11,000 by the end of the year 50,000
units including the tancredo neves ensemble in santos also that the person there
there when to declare the tabs was stopped nothing previous bids we
we return here for guidance needed good
the result on the side of rosana valle also who got in touch with us well
how rosana valle got in touch with us on the bridge there to send a lot
of são vicente put barreiros right we say there over there and we have already released for
car already released today that we will visit there the bridge and also the
tancredo neves and federal resources we will invite the clubs
ok we will also deliver almost two thousand units in são paulo capital and
on this trip and we are also going to the ribeira valley there are three bridges
battalion in eldorado talk to her steel itaoca we will also start the works
who's on paper is about to launch the
cornerstone and start with this construction in this one even looks not
there is nothing mine here not for god's sake ok i was with jet ski on the riviera i said
little tourism now, right, and I touched the jesc on the battalion bar and I was
swinging across with a bride on top so I asked the joke look me
invite you to the wedding you invited this one I said here this was
2016/2017 if one day i'm from the republic make a bridge here ok and the mayor
had the idea made the request for us, we are on the budget normally and it is
this bridge there you have how many works in the mdf more or less more or less
at 20 thousand more or less 20 thousand works in brazil all the municipalities in brazil
imagine the headache he has to manage all of that there has to be a
good team on his side so these works on the inside are we will see in
back we will pass in the small town how does the name beauty if you have and
forget city inns will take the knot
and he will take the name here until I called, I was there in the presidency of
hearing the name of the city is halfway down the river in são paulo and i
I must stop in the middle of the way nor did I call that city of answered the o
sergeant of the military police gave up to leave the clan ok because not here is the forgiveness
people will say good afternoon thank you very much my phone I called again it helps
there will be my city no no it is not for nothing I did not call again until today
some reports I call you on the phone here in the image
my face look, the conversation is not over, the phone is okay, just
city ​​word you can find do you believe logic with this connect
for the guy is giving pie goes on the 10th to bahia, you go to the northeast on the 10th
bahia we will also visit the northeastern plant is also another project to download in
south of piauí huge the transnordestina that i will treat to work in the week
that comes with tarcísio here that she takes care of as well as the railroad
north-south and starts there at the maranhão itaqui post in the maranhão pass there
for not state of tocantins goiás and ends at the port of santos tapiraí are
Paulo will make the people and will warn the day there is no fire there and hit a
talk there a sergeant negotiate way to call the sergeant to talk to
had a chat with the sergeant here and exchange an idea of ​​the mayor councilor
with authority you should use football as much if you have to cause great agglomeration
right and every time I say that I’m going somewhere with some people or I’m
massacred there in one by a television network you know what it is because it was
without a mask it's okay remember that today, July 2nd is the national day of the fire fighter
military so congratulations all firefighters is that we all have my
friend of admiration and respect for military firefighters all over brazil
and also then i will also pass that i already had come on the war uncle
is being done right with the participation of the local mayor
hello fake news skin is there in the senate is coming back highlights I mean the
everyone here that the mayor himself said that
and the bill approved in the senate I undergo changes in the chamber and it is always up to me
right is the possibility of a veto this is natural and the parliament wind keeps
some time old you're natural ok, of course you don't know my position
extremely favorable to the total freedom of the media, even those traditional
hit me all the time no problem can keep hitting christmas
hitting so much I'm just growing keep hitting without a problem and now
we cannot admit censorship here for the love of god and even more just curiosity
right curiosity I have an analysis here I will not give it to another this here for the
Wednesdays where facebook google twitter whatsapp makes an opinion contrary to this
pl and I say more right don't look too tec were 44 senators who voted there
favorable personal project is still being beaten
and if today I talked to the janitor who voted in favor and he apologized he spoke
who was going to see the mistakes is that it was the electronic vote, right and it went wrong again
if you have a vehicle maybe if the project is good enough
people who are triggered now have to arrive as they did so far we
there is no way not to stop seeing it and even more and then passing the camera with the
difficult but if it passes it is how we can publish the project, right though I
I have 15 days to sanction or veto and then people will be in the tire little will be
which article should be vetoed and should not be vetoed because after all and it was
liberated the expression is spoken about democracy a lot of people do democracy of
lip service but approves a project that restricts freedom of the press that does not
you can admit that there i doubt which citizen of brazil is most criticized in
internet than I wake up nickname a lot of stuff if I feel
harmed can I go is slander training which is more Julia
Okay, now I never wanted to censor media to protect myself from mine.
When you talk about democracy, one thing you exercise is another.
open here is heavy there augusto nunes is maria vitor brauer wires already any
question to the people at the table is certain I feel comfortable that we
boot here on the sound here answer for you we will continue today there were several
this a bill also that talked about the mandatory use of mass
even inside the house and sheep nobody will be in your house is for you
show myself here I could be fined now because I'm without a mask
even the people of her are also just thinking of respecting us pandemics we
we regret the dead but I made it very clear, you know, the look down story of
staying at home the goal was for hospitals to prepare themselves with beds
I use respirators to care for those who get infected there and need
I do not know can be questions with this person who
has lost his life for lack of use or lack of respirator so the goal
it is not to leave the person like this, if the infection is what everybody is
know that sooner or later people will contract the virus, right?
goal was to prevent us from queuing and someone vs showing up for lack of
care for what it looks like with coast didn’t happen ok now the
big problem if we have been criticized a lot back there was the destruction of
jobs i don't know how many millions of people lost their job in brazil we
we know that the informal 38 million people or the income was zero or was
reduced to practically aoi told you that the countries of south america and
inform eighty percent of your power
so the problem is that our page dealt with the back but these
measures to close trade to prevent people from going to the beach, among other measures
such measures fell to the governors and mayors according to the supreme court
federal ours just almost just send money to states and
municipalities and we send a lot of resources to states and municipalities to compensate
the loss of revenue from the state, which is the icms, a large part, right, the municipalities and
normal shiny cells, but it should brush today, I’m not mistaken after
14 million today 13 14 million only municipalities are going to municipalities in the
brazil 21 pedro matilde something is wrong
you pedro arrived here continue here to greet here the initiative of
commander of the air force lieutenant-brigadier-of-the-air see a lot that
offered these commercial airlines the parking lots
of the air base of brazil so that planes from the da da gol da azul would go there and
didn’t have to spend on parking is that it exists at the airport
out there the savings forecast and six months for this company with 18 million
this helps this company that already has difficulties, I believe that
in the order of almost ninety percent of flights were canceled in brazil so
this bus is down there so this measure there from our commander
logic here brought there to offer the courtyards of the base was ours so that if the
people would stay there at zero cost well in some speech is concerned with the
entrepreneur a person who break the airline here will have pilot
fired flight attendant companies that are shopkeepers hello hello hello brazil break
everything breaks everything and and another important thing here the board
national high energy policy with you special northeast conservation and
energy policy has established guidelines for methanol to be
sold from the plants directly to the fuel tank what happens
nowadays ethanol became a tourist he left the plant here where 300 for him
car plays play denotes lack for the post here on the side he was 600 km and
now there are still some more measures to be taken so that ethanol can be
sold directly from the plant to the gas station that's right hopefully
that eliminated the state I think that in the big ones it will continue sure it goes to
decrease the price of corn ethanol in gasoline is also in the gazette is there
mixed pernambuco alagoas and pernambuco alagoas to rio grande do
north basically what has there salt salt fruit shrimp shrimp has a lot
shrimp has oil gas wind energy castro in our culture of raising
shrimp in federal district starts to release class
the end of July for registration comes today I'm in contact with the defense
hospitalized it's hot see parents' association to see if the fastest
possible do what the three of them do and courage him if brazil comes back to the screen
usually if god wants from the already has right but from the beginning of 22 the
14th military college in campo de santana in são paulo is working so
our military college in brazil campo santana so poor would like to do more
but we have no budgeted problem I would like to have a colleague at least one
military college in every state of Brazil, right, I want no more
I’m doing there don’t have anything so you’re ready, wait there
reef fortress on the screw also salvador also has it so it doesn't have
do not do we have to do it has two months now that the penis is with Bahia
I tell him it's his two schools, right?
it is only today in the public school for all purposes including for access to
military police schools in Brazil I had a problem is
some readers did not accept the students from the schools to enter
at the university via sisu to end this problem and leave the work that the great
most military college students are children and said that poor is also
as any citizen so then universalizing and if you want to think
that ended here question asks the innocence of a question by lucas alda
maria sent not open here in football we had the first part of the flamenco
it was Flemish I don't know how much I am congratulations to the Flemish congratulations to the
president jair bolsonaro provisional measure shirt is giving the letter of
freedom, right, the freedom for top football players to negotiate
that he wants to sell his image money and look what is in the measure
provisionally five percent of what is collected or if it is going to be possible minas gerais
in five percent 500 thousand and distributing them to the players with all
that expression the players from boa vista not the poor team from rio de janeiro
has a soccer ball sao paulo brazil
and it is divided into 5 percent your card is an animal your time right mom had seen
right, but there will be the animal there with the right to have a football gift, what is your
hi sorry i penetrated her she will speak
today I'm here to put the head of the flamenco straitjacket here look she
flamengo shirt of today's game an exceptional exceptional image take the
congratulations to the farm 11 years only on youtube 11 million views out of respect
with you now is for the division of good view more imagine there the Flemish and
palm trees and corinthians wafer abc of the grievance for since the christmas research
lead to bursting goes exclusive this does what if there is this competition a
right team it's decided to who will sell yours your may the team that has
better will sell more expensive there is no accommodation
and then when my uncle will play as there are good cake players but sell more
expensive that image this is a business so I had to settle down when I was in charge
the value of the sale of that image will drop, this is his
it's not clear this is wonderful i use to say
football in brazil may be having a leverage blog now because
of this many times it was worth it all the times I think that now you don't need to
play here in Brazil and go there because of her expensive salary
fortune quite a cool gift here because the salary here the way
we did now will be a provisional measure
classic diva huh we will do that conditioner has to be gained a lot
more and it will improve a lot and Brazilian football will come back here
and we're going to be proud of football, so congratulations on receiving the week
8 18 public official or the Flemish-international athletic paraná and
ceara ceara and bahia Fortaleza and palm trees in the front is well I just finished each
one is this big one the Flemish this most beautiful captain you have to me
I have to wear a shirt on the day I'll be back, we have to enter this
team there I will bring one from nowhere a chain there but talk twisted about Brazil
you have to get into this one from the right book and it won't even come out anymore
the love of the [ __ ] right but in the second the second biggest crowd in Brazil more
passionate about nautical manages to give total success the provisional measure here
in the video come on ask a few years and
just put my things in there, I don't press the sun here it's low ok
I lowered augusto luiz rogério marinho 2 months ago
what's up
if you doubt it I think here how many or the blanket good night to you and all
young pan there are a number of important reforms include changes and milestones
regulatory issues, right, the railroad issue, the gas issue, right, the issue of the gas itself
tax reform undoubtedly a major challenge yet to come is the
minister paulo guedes is at the head of this process this change in our
economy and I believe it is more important at this point as long as there are
this synergy with parliament would change or simplify our
good tax legislation wait for it is right there I don't know
if it is possible this year but it sure is it can be started now and you
completed in the first half of the year following the now liked only the foot to
back how much is an idea right I am well
professional caregiver I already had several rescues by chance I say this
2016/2017 nothing ended I was with this guy here on the beach of Barra da Tijuca
300 now second lens mozart pereira lieutenant of the Brazilian army of
and it was there at the 4th rank in the direction of the sheraton hotel and it was an end
year I think she did kill or in the group and it always happens to me these
things right I do good here is paid your debts 2000 Japanese will go
drown get ready don't prepare for a minute this sling see the boy let's go back
we took the two girls inside the even the kind of difficulty that she was with a lot
suntan oil so many two Japanese girls are at the opposite chelsea
plate for tijuca good morning is about 15 years old 16 on that other
we took it out ok so you can here have an idea to build manufacture what the
fire saw already uses in rio de janeiro at night is not the modbox one is my taste of
divide my building's cube prize not the rectangle a rectangular figure of
neoprene with a high on each side that serves for you I save lives until the
end of the buoy is good and I doubt it for the price I planned I will kick here
right, but even in the savannah, it would be enough for us to do it there, it’s even a federal sin
my wife was admiring someone opening a company and would do that there perfume coming
the tax burden is august ask for something that I could see by without dragging has
some luca had to sell for 300 I gave up
is the big problem in brazil you are tax burden is bureaucracy and you
give up on investing is not to say until you venture into a business that after
that breaking becomes more difficult as a rule you are free from the pending issues
debts so there is something else but then this is what we should do to make life easier
who wants to undertake in brazil the other question this bye
and says he uses it I thought it is and it was fundamental among other reasons
why and then
and then the socials are
what's up
the internet and
and went away you use good night you too how was work is good night
you also thanks there for the card in my life I think this is a
important moment for a country is we are living there the moment when the
people try to solve problems through a bill that prevents
the free demonstration is of other people like the president of course
kept the proper proportions I was practically destroyed or by fake
news right why would he conduct labor reform as a deputy in the chamber
federal government and when he was a candidate for my re-publication I practically had no way of
defend myself in my status that has accused of subtracting rights from
workers when all mission worker rights preserved the
article 7 34 items of the constitution are brazilian and even that i'm missouri
is against the press against the free demonstration of whoever I am
I learned that it is a secret, right? It is to the adversary, he is extremely
healthy it is a demonstration of the vitality of institutions like all
I’m upset in resignation I don’t agree with a certain opinion
suitable field for the to contradict and they get down my voice my word
or recurring is also to use the same instrument that allows social or some
another game in the press we voted for a small labor reform and the minister
francisco dornelles present fernanda ricardo i did favor
the internet did not have what we have today there was no zap
me and me and very flaming we are devastated on the internet because he said
that we came back to finish it must be having its guarantee now the same that
if this pregnant woman two you to end and there is no way to end this thing
there is no constancy company can end up with
to use because this is it, you could install it, ok, among many others
things and the anticipated 13th is the certainty of a
thing that the boss butchered with this with this bill i wanted that
make a labor reform but the left and the left completed in
schools use used many with the dental roundabout or do-a-poster pasted on the street there
in rio de janeiro the first one to appear in the portrait was i connected the
surviving world 2002 afterwards we had with fernando henrique 2017 right then already
2017 ahead we have after having been in 2017 we went back to work for the week
that I came back again favorable here I had 500 thousand voices was the rappi of voting
mine from rio de janeiro but the best was complaining because i went was there i stayed
there from the president and the husband suffered a lot not from ours because the left the
union saying exactly the same thing that will end guarantee fund
the third with anyway with all fingers now that's not why i will want
censor social media using the rest we run the other respect that
has parliament is the democratic game if it passes in bed coming to me the
project I will make a popular consultation what should be vetoed or not and we will
come in the afternoon because parliament can understand that the wind has to be brought down
this is part of the rule of the game now in the senate it passed a little close to it passed with
44 voice would be the most simple right now you can overturn the veto and you have to have 41
votes right no and I'm 44 passed the project already has a senator who said that you can see ok
he will keep the veto be more 2 3 + 3 + 3 senator to resolve to return to keep
beto to see what we see ok the veto will not be maintained so call me
depend on me not hi total social media cruise
that are secreted no one suffers more than I doubt that during the campaign
look I was called a racist homophobic fascist chenofago doesn't like
northeastern for everything over me ok pt one of your two inspections a
a girl appears on the television with a swastika marked on her belly, right, and that of the pt
said it was good the nose that did that after you want a skill and coming
that I she herself made she allowed it to be done by the depth of the cuts
300 fake news ok we survived all of that and more and more the population
is getting it right and immediately knows what fake news is and
all right now i'm being judged by several lawsuits asking for the impeachment of
the plate doesn’t have this, this is what the next one looks at, just say that the most
tricky is that I would have is driven is driven the zap in
mass on the occasion of the elections i ask you daughter do you receive the
your phone there is a zap from someone you know who had to do with the
elections 2018 that made you change your vote for me to haddad wow that I
possible and I didn’t receive it I think no one here received it and I’m resolving
an accusation like that is a more serious accusation just hunting the plate
bolsonaro mourão and was filed 7-0 in the other
accusation in the tse that I would have sponsored billboards throughout Brazil in addition to
we collected r $ 4000000 spent 22 returned to the non party
the tc is obliged to discuss this matter and put it on, but these are things that
we will always worry about any lawsuit against us, you know
which is an electoral court and sometimes some other minister who even a vote that
give a political vote, right? We know it can't be like that, but not a human being
I believe in absolution in the filing of this whole process until it is even for the
quality of the boys who are there but it's fake news just get my phone here
what I get from a joke e-mail from everyone, even from myself is not in
okay comic I wanted to be some here but I will not seek not to be able to warn here
this is part of the folklore, it has a joke on me, even if I die laughing at my
dude there ah and by speaking everything anything
people there is the place was another one then I
I speak correctly, I don't know what it is because he is difficult, the plague goat here in the
rio grande do norte o baiano with the gaucho male as hell but you don’t
can do more to be careful he is recording you
guys go to court and end your life i'm completing houses you are in
500 viruses will ultimately lose I will have to leave he will say that
I'll pay, look, I answered with a TV why wouldn't I not
gay pride parade speaks because it believes in god in the family and good customs
started in an association known as the niterói lesbian association
started with 150 reais in second instance believe 2nd instance the
prosecutor asked for filing rapporteur asked for filing and I missed
by 3 to 2 but it went up ok in the supreme federal court we count interest and
500010 monetary correction you don't know what to do anymore what to say more
I can’t continue to act that way and had to go back against that and
freedom of the press is very important otherwise you get
hostage to part of the life of the lighthouse you really do not live anymore and you will live
it is not without information to drink and there are some more questions from those who
that now zé maria pedro ii and there
i was wondering about housing finance see this rogermany how much
comes out this is about financing with new
situations for financing the home and the president of the box is whether it is
possible to recognize new and then
the old releases in this new legislation and that new concept
program that will be launched is just that it is because it is better now
and then ok pedro first thanks for the
opportunity we are almost three months dealing with this process
internally here with the economy with the cashier is not very careful so
because our idea is precisely that the largest number of
Brazilians have access to real estate credit so we are doing the
final negotiations I believe that we have already practically settled the
pointers here in the next 15 days we will be able to launch the
program our idea is precisely to reduce a housing interest this passes
due to the question of the remuneration of the guarantee fund, as it is seeing a decrease
the Selic rate and this decrease will allow the considerable number of
families can have access to home financing we also
we had a negotiation with the cashier, which, like what it has done in other countries,
products, right, as was the case here, the overdraft is giving up
remuneration that has in its administration fee that will allow the
larger number is homes with the same subsidy as the one given by the federal government
is produced annually and we will is to opportunistically publish this number and
it is also a consistent land legalization program we have today 10
to 12 million housing units in brazil that have no public deed
right, so we’re going to launch a program that will help that will support
Brazilian municipalities so that they can enforce legislation that has already
has existed since the year 2000 and was redesigned in 2017 is not for small terms
housing reforms and land legalization is in Brazilian cities
so basically this is the fulcrum the backbone of the project and we hope in
soon they will be launching the project all over brazil
the pedro length he is as the rogério spoke is the box the bank of all
Brazilians have the housing bank so there is no type of
possibility of having a project as beautiful as the one where the box in the after
99 percent of low-income financing is made by Caixa Presidente
when is your government started the cashier was only twenty-two percent of the
market of the most middle income bracket and we reached this month with almost 50 per
percent because we are new products like the inflation product without inflation
and even the lowest rate in the market so exactly as the rogério spoke to
people will always help the population, which is our facebook youtube
80 thousand people and raindrops in is young pan card
there are 8 thousand so congratulations there the group still in the young pan drop in brother augusto
nunes josé maria pedro mistakes you use to buy or exchange the victor authorize but
it's a question the last one from vitor will show up here already completed an hour to
see here oh delete everything ok snake snake
of the Flemish and the van another question then ask the
president of the box pedro guimarães so the government decided to stretch the
payment of the provoked emergency aid will succeed
and two more payments in July and in August another R $ 1200 wanted to know about the
president of Caixa pedro guimarães if there have been changes in the system there if
applications have been improved what are the main changes and the first
for that second phase of paying emergency relief president when it is
that I all good night thanks for the question first point all people
who had their first three payments approved do not need to register
so registration, in fact, the validity is automatic, the application today
has 108 million people is the biggest app in the world that we know in
terms of digital banking it’s more improved we don’t have any more queues at
agencies and we'll be announcing the calendar very soon we're
the Ministry of Citizenship and obviously President Jair Bolsonaro will validate and
after he will deal we will advertise but what can we advertise for
you are we will make the payment via digital account very fast but
extremely fast and we will announce very soon zé maria who uses the proof
thank you very much for your participation it helps to brighten up our
humble live here is watching us now give it to young pan we’re
being from the air at the very end of the pingo doce sink and watch because it is a
program and really the absolute exemption and I am very proud to exist
programs like this from the young pan pingo doce one more thing i'm going to take out guys
thank you very much for the opportunity and on saturday we will be flying over here
the regions of santa catarina that was hit by a catastrophe of 2 3 days
ago we already made ourselves available here it's already there we already have teams of ours there and
let's fly over to see the depth of the problem right and stay at
available to the governors of these three states whatever is possible for us to do
our do one more thing thank you very much one person until next week the
next week with tarcísio here talking about railway ok good night the
all